

Here's the group program what was done Philippe Neil [00:00]: Yeah,  there's  a  few  people  missing.  I'm  going  to  wait  a  little  bit.  Will  we  get  a  recording  of  this  when  we're  done?  Yep.  So,  yeah,  there's  a  few  people  missing,  but  we're  on  a  schedule.  So  I'm  going  to  wait  an  extra  minute  and  then  we're  going  to  get  started.  Jason,  what  is  Zoomler?

Chenny Marie Cantano [00:37]: I  run  an  IT  consulting  and  cybersecurity  firm  for  SMBs.

Jason deCourcy [00:56]: Toronto,  right  down  on  the  court,  right  at  Yonge  and  Bloor,  where  the  good  food  is.  What  is  your  company?

Chenny Marie Cantano [01:04]: Market  Me  More.  I'm  at  a  marketing  company.  Yeah,  you  know,  the  whole  Market  Me  More.

Jason deCourcy [01:11]: So  speakers,  brands  come  to  me  and  they  say,  Market  Me  More.  And  I  say,  oh,  of  course  I  will.  Nice.

Philippe Neil [01:27]: great  you  guys  are  all  very  social  that's  perfect  um  i  see  jackie  just  joined  perfect  you  guys  might  hear  my  daughter  in  the  background  because  uh  it's  a  spring  break  here  in  quebec  and  she's  here  with  a  someone's  taking  care  of  her  but  she's  playing  and  you  know  there  might  be  a  bit  of  noise  and

Jason deCourcy [01:46]: disruption  haven't  heard  anything  so  far  if  you're  if  you're  worried  i  think  your  noise

Philippe Neil [01:50]: canceling  is  cutting  it  out  it's  pretty  good  that's  podcast  quality  right  here  great  so  i'll  get  started  right  now  and  let  me  just  remove  that  Good.  So  let  me  share  my  screen  and  get  started.  So  today,  thank  you  all  for  joining  me.  I  don't  know  if  you  can  still  see  me  or  just  see  the  slides.  Maybe  that  could  be  one  thing  we  check  real  quick.  Yep.  Can  see  everybody  across  the  top  on  mine  and  then  the  slides  is  the  main.  Okay,  perfect.  So  thank  you  all  for  joining  me  and  participating  in  my  program.  This  is  the  program  launch.  So  of  course,  there  might  be  a  few  things  that  need  to  be  tweaked.  So  please  share  your  feedback  as  you  have  any.  You've  all  received  an  email  a  little  bit  last  minute  this  morning  with  the  workbook  and  a  little  questionnaire  to  assess  your  baseline  state.  My  goal  is  that  this  program  significantly  improve  your  well -being  as  a  founder  because  you  can  manage  the  pressure  of  being  a  founder  better  at  the  end  of  the  program  and  also  makes  you  a  better  founder  in  general,  able  to  make  better  quality  decisions,  build  momentum  and  grow  their  business  faster  with  less  mistakes.  So  we  want  to  measure  the  actual  impact  that  we're  going  to  have  on  you.  If  you  haven't  done  the  little  questionnaire,  it's  20  questions.  It  should  take  about  5 -10  minutes  and  we're  going  to  do  it  before  the  program  and  then  after  the  program  to  assess  any  improvement.  So  feel  free  to  do  them  after  we're  done  with  the  first  kickoff  session.  So  this  is  a  kickoff  session.  So  we're  not  going  to  have  a  lot  of  heavy  material  that  we're  going  to  go  through.  But  I  also  don't  want  to  waste  your  time.  And  so  of  course,  we're  going  to  introduce  ourselves  like  Nikki  and  Jason  did.  But  we're  going  to  do  it  in  a  practical  way  through  exercise.  So  yes,  maybe  you're  going  to  feel  like  I'm  having  a  few  more  breakout  rooms  than  I  should.  I  get  it.  But  then  it's  also  a  way  for  you  to  speak  with  each  other  and  share  without  it  being  awkward  in  a  useful  exercise  format.  And  so  today,  through  the  kickoff  session,  that's  my  first  goal,  getting  you  guys  connected,  breaking  the  ice.  We're  going  to  be  sharing  a  lot  together  across  the  next  seven  following  weeks.  And  we  need  to  be  comfortable  because  this  is  a  leadership  program.  So  it's  for  EO  members,  a  5 %  type  of  program  conversation.  We're  going  to  go  and  share  things  that  will  make  us  uncomfortable  at  time,  but  are  necessary.  And  we  have  to  have  the  courage  to  push  through  that  discomfort  if  we  really  want  to  improve  ourselves.  It's  also  going  to  introduce  the  core  foundational  concept,  which  is  that  as  founders,  we  have  a  world  full  of  pressure  that  we  don't  really  understand.  And  it  creates  noise  that  is  painful.  And  the  noise  offers  us  relief  through  reaction.  And  the  problem  is  that  it's  often  an  illusion.  It's  an  empty  lottery  ticket  that  costs  us  our  success  and  our  health.  So  we  have  to  be  able  to  differentiate  what  is  a  noise  and  what  is  an  actual  signal  that  can  get  us  closer  to  our  goals.  So  throughout  the  next  session,  that's  mainly  the  focus  we're  going  to  be  working  around.  We're  going  to  look  at  different  kinds  of  noise  and  we're  going  to  be  learning  what  they  are  within  us  and  how  they  actually  affect  us  and  how  we  can  navigate  that  through  a  protocol  that  we're  going  to  be  building  session  after  session.  So  it's  really  an  integration  program  more  than  just  an  online  course.  So  everybody's  presence  is  crucial.  Everybody's  going  to  participate  in  every  session.  I'm  not  going  to  sit  here  and  kill  you  with  a  PowerPoint,  you  know.  And  my  expectation  is  that  you  do  participate,  you  show  up,  you  have  courage,  and  you're  okay  being  vulnerable.  Of  course,  respect  your  own  limits.  That's  totally  fair.  But,  you  know,  you're  going  to  get  the  most  out  of  the  program  if  you  really  participate.  truly.  Feel  free  to  eat.  I  just  want  to  see  you.  I  don't  care  if  you  have  to  blow  your  nose,  eat,  stop  for  a  second,  go  to  a  washroom.  You  can  do  all  of  that.  But  I  just  want  to  be  sure  I'm  talking  with  people  and  not  just  an  AI  TLDV  screen  for  the  whole  time  because  we're  all  virtual  and  across  the  world.  There's  two  people  that  you  should  be  aware  of  in  the  room.  This  meeting  is  being  recorded.  Shabina  is  my  program  designer.  She's  helped  me  turn  my  ideas  into  this  program  and  this  experience  that  we  are  very  proud  of  and  excited  to  deliver  for  you.  There's  also  Bo.  Bo  is  my  head  of  growth,  but  he's  also  my  business  manager.  At  the  end  of  the  day,  he  does  everything  with  me.  Today,  his  role  on  the  calls  with  us  is  going  to  be  for  technical  support.  If  you  guys  have  any  issues,  if  you  are  stuck  in  a  breakout  room,  you  just  DM  Bo  personally,  he's  going  to  be  able  to  help  you.  He's  also  the  one  managing  my  email.  Info  at  founderscompass .com.  If  you're  right  there  for  any  question,  any  issues,  that's  Bo  that's  going  to  receive  it  and  he's  going  to  take  good  care  of  you.  We're  also  going  to  move  you  into  a  Slack  channel  eventually  so  that  we  can  communicate  if  there's  anything  throughout  the  program  that  you  need  more  support  on.  We're  going  to  be  able  to  help  you  with  that  and  Bo's  going  to  be  the  one  helping  you  join  the  Slack  channel.  And  it's  not  mandatory  that  you  participate  there.  It's  just,  you  know,  take  whatever  feels  good  for  you.  But  it's  a  little  hub  of  discussion  that  you  can  get  some  feedback  some  feedback  in  between  sessions.  There's  going  to  be  some  challenges  at  the  end  of  every  session  that  you're  going  to  have  to  work  through  to  integrate  the  concept.  Nothing  crazy.  It's  mostly  paying  attention,  taking  some  mental  notes  so  that  you  actually  build  the  skills  that  we're  working  on  and  not  just  it  being  intellectually  pleasant  to  learn  stuff.  I  want  you  to  build  the  skills  behind  the  concepts.  But  it  should  not  take,  you  know,  a  lot  of  your  time.  Throughout  every  session,  we  are  building  your  founder's  compass,  which  means  that...  To  me,  the  founder's  compass  is  what  you  have  inside  of  you,  your  operating  system  that  keeps  you  on  signal.  And  so  it's  a  form  of  intuitive  skill,  decision  quality  skill,  and  of  course,  self -regulation,  which  is  kind  of  noise  regulation.  That's  the  first  part  of  that.  The  most  crucial  part  of  that  is  actually  removing  things  so  that  the  signal  of  intuition  can  have  a  voice  because  it  whispers  compared  to  growth  that  shouts.  And  so  you're  going  to  have  a  one -pager  with  notes  that  will  give  you,  at  the  end  of  the  program,  a  clear  view  of  what  your  inner  operating  system  looks  like  and  how  you  can  use  it  within  your  own  protocol.  So  it's  going  to  be  very  personalized  to  you,  although  it's  a  group  session.  I  think  the  group  format  is  more  valuable  because  you're  going  to  get  insights  from  other  people  and  how  they  think  through  the  concept.  but  think  of  it  as  really  building  your  own  tool  that  you're  going  to  use  for  the  rest  of  your  career.  All  right,  so  before  we  get  into  the  agenda  and  all  of  that  stuff,  that's  going  to  be  at  the  end  of  the  session  today,  I  want  to  get  started.  So  I  want  to  do  a  little  icebreaker  with  you  guys.  So  I'm  going  to  read  12  statements.  You're  going  to  have  to  identify  which  is  the  signal,  right?  And  before  that,  I'm  going  to  grab  some  water.  So  your  biggest  client  just  emailed.  They're  reviewing  the  contract.  Your  chief  technology  officer  wants  to  rewrite  the  entire  backend.  Competitor  just  launched  a  feature  you  have  been  planning  for  six  months.  Your  co -founder  thinks  you  should  pivot.  Cash  runway  is  four  months.  Your  top  salesperson  is  interviewing  somewhere  else.  An  investor  forwarded  you  an  article  about  a  market  downturn.  Your  partner  says  you've  been  distracted  and  distant.  Your  podcast  host  wants  you  on  next  week,  but  you  haven't  prepared.  Your  team  is  waiting  on  three  decisions  you  haven't  made.  LinkedIn  DM  from  someone  offering  you  a  game -changing  partnership.  Your  board  meeting  is  in  nine  days  and  the  numbers  aren't  where  you  promise.  Take  a  few  seconds  and  think  what  really  requires  your  attention  through  all  of  that.  And  when  you  know,  raise  your  hand,  but  don't  answer  out  loud.  Nicky  has  his  hands  raised.  So  a  few  people  have  an  idea.  That  was,  I'm  not  going  to  ask  you  the  answer.  The  goal  of  that  was  just  to  show  you  that  on  every  single  day,  you  have  dozens  of  voices  screaming  at  you.  And  the  answer  of  where  the  actual  signal  is,  is  personal  to  a  lot  of  people.  Yes,  of  course,  there's  some  milestone  you  need  to  hit  in  a  business.  But  the  real  important  lesson  here  is  to  understand  that  these  noise  are  always  in  the  back  of  our  head.  And  at  some  point,  they  pile  up  and  it  becomes  very,  very  hard  to  know  what's  really  important  amongst  all  the  priorities  we  have  to  manage.  And  so,  this  is  kind  of  the  internal  journey  of  us  as  a  founder.  There's  pressures  from  sorts  we  understand  or  sometimes  don't  understand  because  as  we  saw  in  the  previous  statement,  some  things  require  skills.  And  we're  building  outside  our  comfort  zone  often.  So,  who  knows  what  we  should  communicate  to  our  investors  sometimes.  And  as  we  journey  on  and  learn  more  about  the  business  game,  we  reduce  the  scope  of  uncertainty  and  things  we  don't  understand.  But  there's  always  something.  And  so,  that  pressure  from  stakeholders,  expectation,  urgency,  competition,  will  always  fill  our  world  with  noise.  And  then  the  signal  becomes  very  hard  to  hear,  but  it's  always  there.  And  it  requires  a  specific  skill  that  we're  going  to  build  throughout  the  whole  program  so  that  we  stop  reacting  and  we  actually  start  leading  our  business  and  build  momentum  instead  of  motion  chaos.  So,  noise  is  anything  that  consumes  energy  but  produces  very  little  positive  result  or  momentum.  And  at  the  end  of  the  day,  it  could  also  cost  you  a  bad  decision,  which  we  tend  to  pay  for  a  very  long  time  as  founders.  And  signal  is  the  actual  information  that  improves  your  decision  quality  and  can  direct  you  to  meaningful  action.  I  like  to  think  about  the  founder  journey  as  us  setting  up  on  a  boat.  So,  we  are  on  the  shore.  We  imagine  a  treasure  island,  whatever  that  is  for  us.  And  we're  going  to  work  on  defining  that  throughout  the  program.  And  then  we  just  get  on  whatever  boat  we  can  afford.  The  one  thing  that  is  true  for  everyone  is  that  although  we  have  a  different  boat,  we  all  sail  the  same  ocean  and  we're  visited  by  the  same  storm,  the  storm  of  pressure.  And  that  pressure  casts  shadows,  which  is  an  emotional  noise  that  we're  going  to  tackle  later.  But  at  the  end  of  the  day...  We  become  consumed  by  that  noise  and  that  pressure  and  we  seek  relief.  And  that's  the  trap  because  the  relief  feels  like  progress,  but  it's  not.  It's  really  just  noise  and  growth  shout,  but  intuition  whisper.  And  so  it  makes  it  very  hard  for  us  to  know  what  is  actually  real.  The  one  skill  that  is  most  crucial  that  we're  going  to  build  on  this  program  is  to  let  the  world  burn.  And  so  where  did  that  come  from?  I'm  going  to  share  a  little  bit  of  my  story.  I  know  some  of  you  know  it,  but  some  may  not.  In  2021,  I  pivoted  my  business  and  scaled  it  to  $70  million  of  revenue  in  just  eight  months.  It  was  a  massive  win,  but  behind  every  one  of  my  wins  that  made  the  headlight  was  always  that  storm  behind  me.  And  immediately,  a  co -founder  conflict  disrupted  our  whole  leadership,  and  it  led  to  many  mistakes  that  cost  us  a  ton  of  money.  Eventually,  I  sold  that  business,  and  I  became  an  investor,  a  serial  entrepreneur.  I  discovered  a  technology  that  I  really  liked,  and  I  doubled  down  and  invested  in  that  company.  And  in  2023,  although  I  was  very  extended,  I  felt  like  we've  made  it.  I  had  just  pivoted  the  business  again.  And  we  had  letters  of  intent  from  big  partners  worth  hundreds  of  millions  for  us  and  dozens  of  leads  asking  for  sample.  And  this  looked  like  the  moment  of  confirmation  that  this  product  market  fit  was  achieved,  that  this  was  going  to  be  an  even  bigger  win  than  my  first  win.  But  what  actually  happened  is  that  my  technical  partners,  the  brain  behind  a  patent,  burnt  out  and  quit.  And  so,  again,  the  noise  had  built  in  the  background,  the  pressure  had  kept  rising.  It  took  us  too  long  to  find  the  signal  of  product  market  fit.  Our  resources  were  drained,  and  it  was  too  little  too  late.  Now,  I  kept  pushing  through.  I  kept  reacting  to  the  noise.  I  kept  extending  myself.  I  restructured  the  business.  Only  to  arrive  at  a  moment  in  November  2023,  where  my  former  partner  called  me,  and  he  said,  Phil,  I've  got  bad  news.  For  context,  when  I  sold  my  business,  I  took  a  few  millions  up  front,  which  was  amazing.  But  most  of  the  payout  would  come  when  we  sold  a  huge  chunk  of  our  inventory  that  was  in  a  warehouse,  and  we  had  a  partnership  when  I  left.  So  I  thought  maybe  this  is  the  good  news  call.  Maybe  the  inventory  sold,  and  I'm  about  to  collect  the  lion's  share  of  my  exit.  But  that's  not  what  happened.  Phil,  I've  got  bad  news.  The  warehouse  burned,  the  inventory  is  gone,  and  it  hadn't  been  insured.  And  so,  just  like  that.  My  world  shifted  and  I  broke.  And  I  discovered  that  when  founders  break,  businesses  follow.  But  in  that  pain,  for  the  first  time,  I  gained  something  more  precious,  which  is  the  permission  to  let  the  world  burn,  to  stop  reacting  to  every  fire,  to  ask  myself,  is  that  noise  or  signal?  And  when  growth  was  burning  all  around  me,  all  that  hope  was  burning  around  me,  I  heard  the  whisper  of  my  intuition  for  the  first  time.  And  it  asked  me  to  drop  everything  and  just  be  a  father  in  the  present  moment.  And  for  me,  at  that  time,  that  was  my  signal.  Because  the  noise  was  telling  me,  you're  failing  as  a  father.  You're  failing  as  a  business  person.  You're  not  going  to  send  your  kids  to  Harvard  anymore.  Why  were  you  stupid  to  take  that  many  risks  and  spread  yourself  so  thin  across  so  many  companies?  And  it  became  very  hard  for  me  to  differentiate  who  I  was  to  what  was  happening  in  my  business.  And  so...  At  that  moment,  I  waited  too  long  and  it  took  me  a  year  to  recover,  let  the  world  burn  and  not  have  like  an  actual  goal  for  myself  that  was  tied  to  growing.  But  now  that  I  have  the  skill  on  the  day  to  day  of  building  this  new  startup  and  running  through  all  sorts  of  problems  like  you  guys  are,  I  can  do  a  micro  version  of  that  and  just  stop  myself  and  see  that  I'm  reacting  to  something  that  I  shouldn't  be  reacting  to.  And  that  means  that  we  don't  have  to  let  the  world  burn  for  a  full  year,  but  we  do  have  to  let  it  burn  enough  to  regain.  our  clarity.  And  this  is  what  the  protocol  is  going  to  help  us  do.  This  is  the  first  exercise.  So  what  does  your  world  look  like?  If  we  say  we're  going  to  let  the  world  burn,  what  is  the  world?  the  world  is  your  stakeholders  that's  the  source  of  your  pressure  it's  not  all  the  world  you  know  it's  it's  the  noise  and  the  noise  comes  from  pressure  and  so  in  a  few  minutes  where  you're  going  to  be  put  in  a  breakout  room  and  you're  going  to  be  asked  to  think  and  share  first  of  all  an  easy  question  what  is  your  business  and  the  stage  you're  in  But  then  you're  going  to  work  on  mapping  out  who  are  your  stakeholders,  your  internal  stakeholders,  like  your  co -founders,  your  employees,  or  your  external  stakeholders,  people  that  are  not  working  within  your  organization,  but  have  an  impact  on  your  pressure.  For  some,  it  could  be  your  mother,  but  your  investors,  customers,  all  kinds  of  sorts  of  noise  that  you're  surrounded  with,  that  you  have  to  deal  with  as  a  founder.  And  I  want  you  to  reflect  on  the  pressure  that's  currently  competing  for  your  attention.  And  can  you  identify  in  your  stakeholder  who  has  the  loudest  expectation,  the  loudest  voice  for  you  right  now?  Bo  is  going  to  put  you  all  in  breakout  rooms.  You're  going  to  have  15  minutes.  Take  the  first  three  minutes  to  kind  of  think  through  the  questions  and  then  three  minutes  each  to  explain  to  the  others  what  it  is  that  your  answer  is  essentially.  When  you're  done,  you  can  click  on  the  leave  button  and  then  you're  going  to  have  the  choice  to  leave  the  whole  conversation  or  just  the  breakout  room.  So  you  can  just  click  leave  the  breakout  room,  come  back  to  the  main  room  and  then  you're  going  to  be  paired  with  another  group  and  then  you're  going  to  get  a  chance  to  go  through  the  same  explanation  again  and  that's  how  you're  going  to  kind  of  break  the  heist  together.  So  I've  been  talking  a  little  bit.  I  know  you've  started  thinking  about  it.  In  fact,  what  I  think  I'll  do  is  I'll  give  you  three  minutes  right  now  to  just  write  down  your  answer  so  that  when  you  show  up  in  the  breakout  room,  you're  kind  of  prepared  and  you're  not  just  on  the  spot  in  Hogwarts  silence.  So  take  three  minutes.  I'll  put  the  timer  on,  and  then  you're  going  to  proceed  with  the  exercise.  And  I'll  be  jumping  in  and  out  of  these  breakout  rooms  too,  but  ignore  me.  Sabina  will  also  do  that.  You  can  raise  your  hand  if  you're  ready.  so  30  seconds  left

Beau [23:47]: Okay,  perfect  gang.  It  looks  like  we're  all  pretty  much  done.  Are  you  done,  Daniela?  yes  yes  i'm  done  okay  cool  so  i'll  be  creating  the  room  right  now  you  guys  will  be  assigned  to  different  rooms  and  you  will  be  able  to  discuss  about  it  all  i'm  gonna  be  opening  this  up  you  should  see  an  invite  on  your  desktop  So  there's  less  people  than  we  thought  that  showed  up.  I  don't  see,  there's  like  five,  four  people  missing  today.

Philippe Neil [25:20]: We  have  to  understand  why,  but...  Do  we  have  six  participants,  at  least?

Beau [25:43]: Yeah,  yeah.  You're  muted,  Shabina.  The  recording  has  stopped.  Okay,  so  we  have  six.

Philippe Neil [25:48]: So  at  least,  yeah,  that's  good  enough.  All  right,  I'll  join  the  room  to  see  what's  happening.

Beau [26:09]: The  room  is  just  you  and  Shabina,  basically.  So  I  think,  do  you  want  to  join  a  random  room?  I  think  we  should  monitor.

Philippe Neil [26:17]: I  think  you  should  put  Shabina  on  one  room  and  me  on  the  other  so  that  we  can  see.

Beau [26:28]: And  then  it's  only  me  and  you,  Mev.  Yeah.

Philippe Neil [26:32]: I  was  actually  looking  into  the  participants  as  well.  Participants  list.

Beau [26:46]: Yeah,  it's  all  folks  that  are  from  Phil's  network.  I  think  the  person  from  Daniela  Orozco,  she's  from  Harvard.

Philippe Neil [26:58]: Alexander,  so  a  lead  that  we  got  there,  Jackie.

Beau [27:05]: If  I'm  not  mistaking,  she's  from  the  group  of  Phil,  where  he  goes,  and  then  he  do  some...

Philippe Neil [27:14]: some  uh  like  a  peer  group  basically  like  the  mastermind  type  of  stuff  eo  toronto  so  um  i've  been  looking  for  another  nick  i  believe  there  were  two  nickies  right  yeah  shenny  is  actually  oh  okay  got  it  Is  Ali's  aware  that  we're  here?  Yeah,  but  I  think  he's  having  some  internet  issue.  There  was  a  lot  of  issues  with  his  internet  and  there's  a  war  right  by  his  side.  it's  a  little  bit  complicated  oh  where  is  he  located  pakistan  oh  got  it  got  it  yeah  it's  right  by  iran  and  there's  been  a  lot  of  uh  shutdown  of  internets  and  all  of  these  things  in  these  regions  right  now  well  i  hope  he's  really  safe  there  yeah  same  goodness  gracious  yeah  i  haven't  had  the  chance  to  read  the  your  notion  doc  as  well  um  i  was  just  like  in  the  middle  of  preparing  for  this  but  uh  i  haven't  forgot  you  i  need  to  clear  the  doc  entirely  so  i'll  be  reading  through  it  off  It's  all  good.  Actually,  some  of  the  points  I've  added  there  were  almost  aligned  with  what  you  have  discussed  yesterday.  I'm  only  focusing  now  on  what's  going  to  happen  with  the  founder's  story  and  what  we  need  there  to  be  successful.  I'm  also  looking  into  the  format  that,  you  know,  that  Phil  was,  you  know,  trying  to  use  as  a  peg  or  as  a  guide,  just  so  we  have  more  idea  and  I  could  do  additional  research  about  it  too.  I'm  not  sure  if  I  sent  you  this  one  second  and  I'll  send  you.  hello  hello  hey  hey  i'm  back  you  want  to  check  me  in  another  room  it's  pretty  much  there  was  60  seconds  so  i'm  always  there  oh  yeah  that's  cool  i'll  stay  here

Shabeena Butt [30:21]: No,  well  done  for  turning  the  recording  off.

Philippe Neil [30:23]: When  I  was  on  mute,  I  was  like,  you're  on  recording.  Shabina,  I've  had  I've  heard  good  things  about  you.  Oh,  you  have?  Yes,  and  I'm  not  Jenny.  I'm  Nicky  Estes.  Sorry  for  that.  I  think  there's  been  a  bit  of  a  technical  issue.  I  think  Bo  put  five  minutes  for  the  whole  breakout  instead  of  15.  So  he's  going  to  create  a  new  breakout  with  10  minutes.  I  think  we  had  enough  time  to  get  through  everyone  though,  I  think.  Like  maybe,  maybe  six  minutes.  Okay.  so  the  same  people  in  the  same  breakout  room  or  well  because  on  my  the  breakout  when  i  was  in  only  one  person  at  the  time  so  let's  go  with  a  six  minute  so  that  it  doesn't  and  then  uh

DANIELA OROZCO [31:46]: yeah  we  have  all  the  big  talkers  there  you  go  i've  opened  it  up  again  Oh,  there  were  only  two  rooms?  Huh?

Shabeena Butt [32:00]: There  are  two  rooms?  Yeah,  yeah.  Oh,  okay.  Okay,  so  I'll  go  back  into  the  other  room.  Bye.  Perfect.  I  can  send  a  diverse  list  of  attendees  for  today.  Yeah.  Definitely  a  lot  of  personalities  in  there.  Yeah,  for  sure.  In  less  than  a  minute.  Yeah.  It's  not  enough.  Here,  I'm  going  to  send  you  some  yellow  stuff  that  we  had.  Yeah,  look  into  these  files  as  well.  I'll  go  in  and  upload  these  two  to  the  Google  Drive.  Just  so  if  there  are  any  comments,  I  can  add  them  directly  to  the  talk  and  share  them  over  to  you.  Yeah,  perfect.  Hey  guys,  quick  reminder  that  there  is  three  minutes  left.  Thank  you.  I  can  send  some  voice  message  into  there.  Yesterday  I  was  testing  this  with  Phil  and  I  was  doing  jokes  in  there.  It  was  funny  for  me  at  least.  So  in  this  case,  do  they  have,  can  they  hear  us  too,  talking?

Beau [35:12]: Hear,  no.  Or  it's  just  you?  It's  just  me  when  I  do  broadcast.  There's  like  a  button  that  I  can  do.

Mav Josue [35:18]: And  so  I  broadcast.

Shabeena Butt [35:20]: Oh.  This  meeting  is  being  recorded.

Philippe Neil [37:59]: All  right.  So  I  know  for  some  it  was  too  long.  So  for  some  it  was  too  short.  Now  you're  going  to  get  another  chance  to  do  it  again  with  the  other  group  of  people.  So  it  might  be  a  bit  faster.  You  guys  have  kind  of  started  to  think  through  it.  I  know  these  are  big  questions.  Who  are  your  stakeholders?  You're  like,  oh.  Am  I  forgetting  about  something?  But  the  fact  that  you're  a  little  bit  time -constrained  makes  the  most  bothersome  stakeholders  pop  out  a  little  bit  more.  And  at  the  end  of  the  day,  we're  here  to  identify  noise  and  pressure.  So  I  feel  like  that's  helpful.  So  now  Bo's  going  to  put  us  again  in  breakout  rooms,  but  with  the  other  group  of  people.

Beau [38:51]: So  you're  going  to  meet  two  other  person  that  you  haven't  met  before.

Philippe Neil [38:56]: it's  about  to  take  a  second  one  second  i'm  supposed  to  be  done  we're  gonna  do  an  announcement  like  the  big  brother  voice  that  bo  had  after  five  minutes  after  10  minutes  so  that  you  know  you  know  when  it's  more  or  less  time  for  the  other  person  and  if  it  goes  faster  this  time  just  leave  the  breakout  room  when  you  guys  are  done  and  then  we  can  continue

Beau [39:18]: The  breakout  room  has  opened.  Hey,  Siri,  start  a  timer  for  five  minutes.  Ali  is  still  with  us.

Shabeena Butt [39:25]: Ali  is  in.  Oh,  hi,  Alex.

Nikky Kho [39:53]: Hey,  we  got  sent  to  the  same  breakout  room.

Jackie VanderVelde [39:58]: Same  group,  different  rooms,  same  group  of  people  for  us.

Beau [40:02]: Same  time.

Shabeena Butt [40:10]: What  I  love  the  most  is  everyone  came  back  like,  oh,  not  these  people  again.  That  could  have  been  a  test.

Beau [40:20]: That  can  do  it  again.

Shabeena Butt [40:26]: Because  I'm  now  thinking  psychologically,  did  they  just  try  and  trick  us?  Did  we  fail  some  sort  of  test,  Phil?

DANIELA OROZCO [40:33]: Or  we  won.

Shabeena Butt [40:34]: Maybe  we  didn't  fail.

Chenny Marie Cantano [40:35]: We  won.  Sorry.  We  won.  There's  the  challenger.

Shabeena Butt [40:41]: We've  identified  it,  Phil.

Philippe Neil [40:51]: One  second,  guys,  looks  like  there  was  a  bug.

Jason deCourcy [40:53]: Right  now,  Bo  is  my  stakeholder  creating  pressure  and  noise  in  my  world.

Shabeena Butt [41:02]: I  wanted  to  dig  into  that,  Phil.

Chenny Marie Cantano [41:11]: Is  this  a  good  time,  Shabina,  for  you  to  tell  us  about  your  story?

Shabeena Butt [41:16]: About  me?  Yeah,  you  have  all  of  our  attention.  Bo,  evacuate.

Philippe Neil [41:22]: Hurry  up,  Bo.  What  are  you  doing?

Chenny Marie Cantano [41:25]: It's  going  down.

Beau [41:26]: Sorry.  Okay.

Shabeena Butt [41:29]: What  do  you  want  to  know?  So  I  live  in  Lisbon.  I'm  a  learning  experience  designer.  Did  it  for  15  years.  Absolutely  love  what  it  is  that  I  do.  Checking  people  into  psychological  experiences  and  retreats  and  anything  that  is  to  do  with  understanding  what  people's  business  challenges  are  and  then  giving  them  the  skills  and  capabilities  to  do  that  and  overcome  those  challenges  and  move  their  business  forward.  Poor  Phil  knows  me  for  long  enough,  I  think  he  would  say,  where  we  were  designing  the  program  and  just  having  lots  of  fun  about  learning  about  Phil  and  his  experiences  and  how  to  translate  his  vision  into  something.  So  that's  a  bit  about  me.

Beau [42:22]: So  also  just  to  clarify,  it's  possible  that  you're  still  with  some  people,  but  it  sounds  like  if  we  were  to  make  Alexander,  Cheney  and  Niki  together,  Niki  wasn't  there  and  Daniela,  Jackie  and  Jason,  that  means  that  Daniela  and  Jackie  was  there.

Philippe Neil [42:40]: There  might  be  some  overlap,  but  we're  going  to  do  other  breakout  rooms  afterwards.  So  you're  going  to  see  everybody  for  sure.  I'm  going  to  be  doing  this  one  up.  There  might  be  some  overlap,  but  it  should  be  a  little  bit  different.

Aleksandar Arsovski [42:52]: It  should  be  opening  in  a  second.  There  we  go.

Beau [42:55]: I've  just  opened  it  up.  I  wonder  at  this  point...  The  recording  has  stopped.  Skip  that  one  and  go  to  the  next  exercise.

Philippe Neil [43:19]: Because  now  the  group  is  smaller  than  the  people  registered  for.  So  should  we  do  two  breakout  rooms  again  afterwards?  Because  it  feels  like  it's  going  to  take  a  lot  of  time,  no?  What  we  can  do  is...

Shabeena Butt [43:32]: You  want  to  keep  them  in  the  main  room?  Yeah,  that  would  be  cool.  Everyone  looks  like  they  know  each  other  a  little  bit.  And  that  could  waste  time.

Beau [43:40]: And  people  would  be  participating  maybe  a  little  bit  more.  Yeah,  what's  the...  Because  they're  just  six.  So  at  the  end  of  the  day,  yeah.

Shabeena Butt [43:48]: I  think,  yeah,  we  could...

Philippe Neil [44:00]: we  can  keep  them  in  um  what  you  need  it's  not  recorded  yeah  we  can  edit  we  can  edit  that  out

Shabeena Butt [44:06]: i  guess  i  mean  already  it  stopped  yeah  okay  cool  um  first  stop  because  it  still  says  for  me  this  meeting  is  being  recorded  yeah  my  tldv  is  recording  Okay.  Oh,  okay.  Yeah.  So  to  keep  them  all  in,  what  you  have  to  do  also,  Phil,  is  just  navigate  the  speakers.  So  there  are  some  really  vocal  ones  and  then  there's  some  really  quiet  ones.  So  you'll  just  have  to,  in  this  kind  of  group,  if  you're  keeping  them  together,  just  try  to  get  the  speakers  to  not  be  as  dominating  in  a  way.  Yeah,  I  know  what  you  mean.  This  one  is  about  the  voice  for  the  folks.

Beau [44:55]: Hey,  guys.

Shabeena Butt [44:56]: Three  minutes  left.  So  start  with  the  chatty  ones.

Philippe Neil [45:01]: But  Bo,  it's  not  been  like...

Beau [45:07]: we  told  them  we're  going  to  give  them  15  minutes  then  you  say  three  minutes  left  after  two  minutes

Philippe Neil [45:13]: it's  five  minutes  that  is  said  on  the  on  the  stuff  yeah  that's  the  same  mistake  the  first  time  the

Beau [45:18]: first  time  you  said  five  minutes  but  it's  five  minutes  times  three  it's  15  minutes  okay  but

Philippe Neil [45:23]: there  is  only  one  that  wasn't  in  there  now  so  you  want  them  to  give  more  time  well  at  this  point  i  think  we've  screwed  up  too  much  i  think  we  just  bring  them  back  and  say  look  this  is  why  this  is

Shabeena Butt [45:35]: a  kickoff  and  it's  the  first  time  we  do  the  program  and  you  know  sorry  for  all  the  technical  issues

Beau [45:42]: so  wait  a  minute  what's  the  what's  the  time  thing  both  so  we  can  correct  that  i  had  five  minutes  but  But  we  can  just  say  to  them  that  there's  more  time  if  they  want  to.  But  the  breakout  room  is  going  to  finish.  You  cannot  extend  it.  No,  no.  The  breakout  room,  it's  me  that  manually  ends  it.  So  last  time  it  was  five.

Philippe Neil [46:02]: So  I  ended  up  at  four  minutes  because  it  gives  60  seconds.  So  I  can  extend  it.  Yeah.

Beau [46:06]: You  said  you  can't.  When  I  said,  don't  stop  the  breakout  room,  you  said,  I  cannot  extend  it.  Because  it  was  stopped  already  because  it  hit  five  minutes.

Shabeena Butt [46:15]: So  if  I  hit  close  all  room,  it's  giving  60  seconds  to  the  folks.  And  then  I  can't  stop  the  room.

Beau [46:21]: But  the  breakouts  are  supposed  to  be  for  15  minutes,  right?

Shabeena Butt [46:25]: Yeah.

Philippe Neil [46:25]: So  I'll  send  a  message  to  the  breakout  room.  When  you  say,  say,  okay,  it's  been  five  minutes,  so  it  should  be  another  person  speaking,  kind  of.  Yeah.  It's  supposed  to  be  15.  Now  they're  going  to  think  I'm  going  to  get  pulled  out  after  five  minutes.  Nobody's  going  to  have  the  time  to  go  through  that  in  one  minute  each.  Perfect.

Beau [46:45]: So  just  clarify  that.

Shabeena Butt [46:49]: Actually,  there  is  still  one  minute  left.  So  the  instructions  are  for  when  you  send  them  out  to  breakouts,

Beau [46:55]: we're  going  to  have  breakouts  for  15  minutes.

Shabeena Butt [46:58]: And  Beau  is  going  to  be  sending  reminders  every  five  minutes  to  remind  you  to  swap.  and  then  yeah  bill  now  that  we're  keeping  them  in  the  main  room  the  main  talkers  will  talk  more  so  that's  okay  because  they'll  start  activating  the  conversation  and  all  that  sort  of  stuff  but  if  you  see  that  they're  really  chatting  a  lot  and  they're  not  giving  space  to  other  people  then  you're  going  to  have  to  navigate  that

Philippe Neil [47:27]: okay  so  yeah  okay  we're  gonna  do  that  so  i'm  gonna  give  them  a  few  minutes  to  think  about  it  because  i  think  that  was  missing  from  the  agenda  that's  why  i  gave  them  a  few  minutes  otherwise  so  i  gave  them  a  few  minutes  then  we're  gonna  do  it  in  a  big  group  so  they're  all  gonna  commit  to  each  other  on  the  decision  they're  gonna  let  burn

Beau [47:49]: So  the  five  minutes  has  stopped.  Reminder  to  pass  it  to  the  next  speaker.  There's  still  10  minutes  left.  Thank  you.

Philippe Neil [47:57]: And  we're  still  on  time,  I  guess  so.  It's  9 .50.  They're  going  to  be  done  at  10.  We  have  half  an  hour.

Shabeena Butt [48:09]: And  though  I  think  I've  heard,  being  a  person  who's  now  been  in  the  breakouts,  when  people  are  talking  and  then  they  have  the  announcement,  they  then  stop  and  then  they  listen,  but  they  miss  half  of  the  announcement  if  they  don't,  if  they're  talking  over  it.  So  I  think  it's  better  just  to  do  the  text.  I  did  both.  Yeah.  Because  sometimes  the...

Philippe Neil [48:33]: The  voice  is  disrupting.  Yeah,  don't  do  the  voice  thing.  Just  send  a  text.  yeah  like  people  were  just  beginning  to  share  their  vulnerable  pressure  moment  and  then  we  could  hear  you  and  then  they  stopped  and  okay  well  then  you  just  go  on  but  if  there  was  a  text  then  they  could  just  finish  their  sentence  we're  learning  guys  Bill,  have  you  got  a  different  agenda  to  me?

Shabeena Butt [49:14]: Because  I'm  in  the  master  coffee,  but...

Philippe Neil [50:07]: i  can  send  you  the  i've  worked  on  it  last  but  i  made  it  in  a  word  document  okay  that's  okay

Shabeena Butt [50:14]: just  because  i'm  not  tracking  your  time  because  you  added  extra  things  so  i  don't  know  how  to

Philippe Neil [50:19]: try  yeah  i  did  an  icebreaker  i  thought  that'd  be  cool  but  i  guess  if  they're  not  coming  out  it's  because  they're  not  done  they  like  each  other  they

Shabeena Butt [50:33]: don't  know  how  to  escape  maybe

Philippe Neil [50:55]: So  Terrence  didn't  show  up.  Saren  didn't  show  up.  Tanus  didn't  show  up.  Saren  said  she  was  in  a  war  zone.  And  so  she  wants  to  catch  up  on  the  session.  So  she's  going  to  be  there  next  week.  Tanus,  I  never  heard  about  it.

Shabeena Butt [51:11]: Terrence,  I  wrote,  he  didn't  reply.  I  don't  know.

Philippe Neil [51:14]: Where  is  she  based?  US,  but  now  she's  in  whatever.  Nicky,  you  put  me  on  the  spot,  huh?  Jeremy  Milton  is  not  there.  Kevin  Ulrich  is  not  here.  So  we  need  to  know  if  they're  still  in  the  program  or  not.  If  I  have  to  do  that  session  with  them  separately  to  get  them  up  to  speed,  I'll  do  it  because  I'd  like  to  have  more  people  in.  because  now  if  someone  quits  we're  at  five  people  how  much  time  is  left  do  you  want  to  chuck  me  in

Shabeena Butt [52:09]: one

Philippe Neil [52:27]: Is  it  pretty  much  done?  324  left  for  the  second  speaker  oh  you  wrote  already  so  it's  that  it's  going  to  be  done  at  10

Shabeena Butt [53:22]: So  it's  true  that  you  eat  during  these  things.  always  do  you  have  jaffa  cakes  in  um  in  um  canada  uh  no  i  don't  think  so  you  don't  have  jaffa  cakes  okay  never  come  here  it's  terrible  here  we're  gonna  have  to  sort  this  out

Beau [55:42]: jaffa  cakes  there's  60  seconds  left  all  right

Shabeena Butt [55:48]: but  now  a  biscuit  is  like  a  cake  and  an  orange  thing  and  i  found  portuguese  ones  so  now  just  to  be  sure  there's  no  there's  no  other  breakout  room  right  everything  will  be

Philippe Neil [56:04]: in  group  yeah  we're  gonna  i  guess  we're  gonna  adapt  because  i  want  us  to  Okay,  cool.  All  right.  Everybody's  here.  Cool.  All  right.  Everyone's  here.  Great.  All  right.  So  as  I  said  in  the  beginning,  that's  a  kickoff  session.  So  it's  a  bit  on  the  light  side  and  it's  to  go  through  all  the  technical  issues  so  that  the  rest  of  the  program  is  flawless.  Yes.  We're  going  to  adapt  a  little  bit  at  the  end  of  the  program.  We  had  more  breakout  rooms,  but  I  think  we're  going  to  do  a  group  share  for  the  next  part  of  the  second  exercise,  essentially.  And  then  we're  kind  of  done  for  the  first  session.  We're  going  to  present  the  agenda  and  you're  going  to  be  on  your  way.  So  we  should  still  be  on  time  to  finish  within  about  30  minutes.  Now,  where  we  are  in  the  content  for  today  is  that  we've  realized  that,  you  know,  we  have  stakeholders.  And  from  stakeholders  comes  pressure.  The  pressure,  we  don't  always  understand  it  and  it  creates  noise.  But  what  I  also  want  to  point  out  is  that  it's  a  cascade  of  pressure.  So  yes,  the  founder,  us,  have  a  lot  of  pressure  coming  in.  But  then  what  we  tend  to  do  is  we  tend  to  push  through  because  we're  strong  people,  we're  strong -willed,  you  know,  we  can  tolerate  that  pain.  We  chose  that  life.  And  so  it  kind  of  comes  with  a  sense  that  we  should  be  hungry  for  success  enough  to  push  through  the  discomfort.  But  the  reality  is  it  affects  us  and  it  affects  us  from  a  decision  quality  standpoint,  a  reactivity  standpoint,  a  human  standpoint,  and  the  pressure  doesn't  stay  inside  us.  Now  it  goes  back  to  some  of  our  stakeholders.  For  some  of  you,  you've  mapped  out  your  partners,  investors,  employees,  but  also  your  loved  ones.  And  then  people  start  carrying  pressure  that  they  don't  know  how  to  hold.  So  they  start  reacting  to  it  even  more  in  their  own  way.  And  some  withdraw,  some  fight,  some  quit.  But  the  pressure,  again,  doesn't  stay  inside  them.  If  they  quit,  they  rip  away  everything,  what  they  do  to  what  they  represent.  And  it  multiplies  back  the  pressure  on  our  shoulders.  And  so  with  time,  that  pressure  cascade  eventually  cracks  our  armor  as  founders.  And  it  just  keeps  going  until  we  become  one  of  the  statistics  that  shows  that  72 %  of  founders  suffer  mentally  from  the  job.  81 %  don't  talk  about  it.  And  the  number  one  cause  of  startup  failure  is  people  problem,  not  market  problem.  I  would  also  argue  that  market  problem  comes  from  the  fact  that  our...  Another  question  from  the  fact  that  the  maximumせて  Thank  you.  Attention  is  so  crowded  with  noise  that  we  don't  see  how  to  resolve  these  market  problems.  It's  often  within  our  control.  So  this  is  why  this  is  all  very  crucial.  And  it  all  starts  with  giving  ourselves  the  permission  to  let  some  of  these  noise  burn.  So  that's  what  we're  going  to  do  next.  We're  going  to  go  outside  our  comfort  zone.  And  we're  going  to  take  a  decision  today  to  let  one  noise  burn  this  week,  which  means  that  we're  not  going  to  do  something  about  it.  We're  just  going  to  let  it  burn  and  see  what  happens.  So  look  at  the  noise  and  the  pressure  you've  mapped  out  earlier.  You've  had  like  about  30  minutes  to  kind  of  think  through,  share,  rethink,  reshare.  And  so  what's  one  thing  that  you're  not  going  to  react  to?  And  it  doesn't  have  to  be  for  the  whole  week.  a  few  hours,  a  few  days,  a  day.  It  could  also  be  forever.  But  make  a  choice  today  to  let  one  noise  burn  and  commit  to  the  group.  So,  I'm  going  to  give  you  a  bit  of  time  to  think  about  that.  And  instead  of  doing  two  other  breakout  rooms,  because  we  were  supposed  to  be  12  people,  now  a  few  people  cancel  and  some  told  me,  some  didn't  tell  me.  So,  it  changes  a  little  bit.  We're  going  to  do  a  group  share  where  you're  going  to  have  a  few  minutes  each  to  commit  to  a  noise  that  you're  willing  to  let  burn  this  week.  And  to  start  building  that  muscle  of  being  comfortable  in  the  discomfort  of  letting  go.  And  then  as  you  think  through  that,  listen  to  what  happens  inside  you.  What's  hard?  What  makes  it  hard  to  let  go  of  an  urgency?  What's  the  voice  in  your  head  telling  you  that  will  happen  if  you  don't  hack?  Because  behind  every  pressure  is  a  story.  And  we're  going  to  dig  deeper  and  we're  going  to  see  them  way  better  at  the  end  of  the  program.  But  intuitively,  I  think  we  can  also  answer  these  questions.  Partially,  at  least,  for  now.  So  take  a  few  minutes.  You've  all  received  the  worksheet.  You  can  write  it  in  the  worksheet  or  in  a  word  or  however  is  easier  for  you.  And  look  at  the  pressure  and  identify  that  noise  that's  going  to  burn  and  why  it's  hard,  if  it's  hard  for  you.  And  try  to  choose  something  that  puts  you  a  bit  outside  your  mind.  So  five  minutes  to  kind  of  think.

Chenny Marie Cantano [01:01:40]: Just  realized  I  didn't  share  my  screen.

Aleksandar Arsovski [01:03:14]: Mm -hmm

Philippe Neil [01:03:32]: When  you're  done,  you  can  raise  your  hands  to  give  me  a  sense.  All  right,  I  think  most  people  are  done.  So.  need  a  volunteer  to  start  things  and  then  you're  gonna  name  someone  once  you're  done  so  who  wants  to  get  started

Jason deCourcy [01:04:45]: I'll  start.  So  the  issue  or  the  burning  thing  that  I  have,  I've  got,  I  have  a  couple  of  different  demanding  clients,  but  one  in  particular  that  is  always  pushing  boundaries  and  trying  to  essentially  get  work  outside  of  what  we  provide.  We  have  sort  of  a  form  that  for  X  amount  of  dollars,  you  get  this  and  they  always  want  something  custom  and  they  want  extra  documentation.  They  want  everything.  So  that's  what  I'm  going  to  put  away  for  the  next  month.  The  concern  is  that  they're  going  to  feel  like,  you  know,  they're  being,  they're  not  being  heard  by  me.  You  know,  they're  getting  service,  but  they're  not  being  heard  by  me  and  they're  going  to  walk  and  we're  going  to  lose  them  as  a  client.

Jackie VanderVelde [01:05:40]: And  I  will  go  to  Daniela.

DANIELA OROZCO [01:05:46]: Yes.  Well,  this  week,  I  will  not  interfere  between  the  problem  solving  between  my  leadership  team,  as  I  commented  in  between  the  groups.  This  leadership  team  is  new,  so  we  are  trying  to  make  it  a  team.  So  I  will  not  interfere,  at  least  this  week,  with  the  problem  solving  between  them.  My  fear  is  that  they  don't  feel  hurt  by  me.  the  great  surprise  will  be  if  they  stop  it  they  can  resolve  your  issues  by  themselves

Jackie VanderVelde [01:06:38]: um  i'm  gonna  pass  to  jackie  Thank  you.  So  my  issue  is  one  of  my  two  guys  has  not  risen  as  the  to  manage  your  level  as  we've  grown.  And  his  father  had  triple  bypass  surgery  this  week.  So  I  had  already  prior  to  this  meeting  decided  I'm  just  going  to  let  let  it  slide  for  a  while  and  hoping  that  he  finds  his  footing  in  the  new  role  that  that  is  available  for  him.  But  I'm  not  sure  that  he  can  do  the  job.  But  it  doesn't  have  to  happen  this  week  or  even  next.  And,  oh,  sorry,  I  will  choose  Jenny  next,  please.

Chenny Marie Cantano [01:07:34]: or  chenny  chenny  nikki  marie  sorry  with  a  knife  yeah  i'm  under  a  different  gmail  and  so  this  is  someone  else's  profile  but  sorry  i'm  nikki  nice  to  meet  you  got  it  thanks  sorry  um  for  me  we're  getting  ready  to  take  a  big  adventure  with  my  family  um  we  had  uh  we're  going  to  be  on  a  boat  for  a  month  and  I  think  what's,  it's,  it's  stressing  me  out.  That's  the  thing  that  I  need  to  just  let  go.  Like  when  I  leave  the  house  for  a  month,  it's  okay.  I'm  trying  to  prepare  it  as  prepared.  This  is  not  so  much  business,  but  what  we're  doing  with  the  boat  is  making  a  business,  a  YouTube  channel  out  of  it.  And  I  need  to  be  okay  that  it's  not  going  to  be  perfect  because  it's  our  first  time.  So  I  have  a  month.  I'll  let  you  know  how  it  goes  in  a  month.

Jackie VanderVelde [01:08:25]: Yeah.  I  still  have  my  hair.  We  have  three  kids  of  the  five  that  are  going  to  go  with  us.  So  yeah.  So  braver  than  I  am.  I  have  a  good  husband.  So  I  think  it'll  be  fine.

Chenny Marie Cantano [01:08:46]: might  need  another  one  a  second  i  mean  like  just  just  pull  in  a  spare  for  the  oh  sure  sure  sure  sure  yes  so  that  that's  fine  um  it's  not  horrible  but  uh  alexander  why  don't  you  go  next  um

Aleksandar Arsovski [01:09:07]: with  some  things  i'm  i've  been  learned  to  be  really  good  like  saying  no  uh  on  many  things  so  that  is  i  haven't  postponed  i  sent  no  couple  of  times  this  week  with  that  comes  personal  discomfort  and  ease  and  then  unease  um  Simply  because,  now  a  little  bit  of  the  context,  I  am  a  solo  founder  starting  a  solo  company,  I  mean  a  company  for  solo  entrepreneurs,  small  business  owners,  small  teams.  And  whether  it's  talking  to  the  lawyer  or  the  bank  or  help  some  of  the  high  value  customers  I  already  have  and  use  cases  that  coming  my  way  and  perfectly  valid  opportunities  that  I  am  passing  this  week  twice  for  a  still  not  profitable  business  that  I'm  bootstrapping.  And  also  being  born  in  one  of  the  poorest  countries  in  Europe  and  being  blessed  to  live  in  one  of  the  richest  one  in  Denmark,  it  feels  very  uncomfortable,  essentially  burn  all  my  capital  and  refuse  to  join  other  startups.  I'm  not  sure  whether  this  is  ego,  whether  this  is  perseverance  or,  how  would  you  say,  focus.  it's  by  far  easiest  to  manage  this  in  work  i  can  just  go  in  and  work  no  problem  i  have  unlimited  capacity  to  do  that  um  my  personal  struggle  struggles  are  when  things  you  know  get  quiet  in  the  evening  and  kids  go  to  sleep  and  then  you  know  i  have  time  to  step  back  all  of  it  and  see  the  bigger  picture  and  on  a  daily  basis  say  um  you  know  how  comfortable  are  you  making  you  know  making  with  these  decisions  so  far  uh  i  i  think  i've  done  okay  but  i  mean  um  as  an  introvert  who  lives  you  know  partially  in  my  head  uh  uh  this  is  the  discomfort  that  i  actually  just  decided  to  ignore  for  the  week  um  i  have  you  taking  too  much  time  but  just  to  say  my  family  seem  to  be  bigger  believers  in  me  and  the  product  than  myself  but  I  am  just  I  don't  know  how  to  say,  I  can  maybe  just  say  where  I  come  from,  there  is  a  saying,  first  you  jump,  then  you  say  hop,  you  know,  in  order  to  win  the  big  game,  I  need  to  win  the  small  game  first,  and  I'm  not  sure  I've  done  that  yet,  so  this  is  it,  I  cannot  express  it  better.  um  who  wasn't  there  let  me  just  say  jason  was  there  jackie  was  there  um  nikki  wasn't

Nikky Kho [01:12:32]: i  had  to  switch  phones  um  my  other  phone  was  dying  but  uh  my  uh  main  focus  i  guess  this  week  will  be  to  uh  i  have  20  interviews  i  need  to  do  each  of  them  about  30  to  45  minutes  and  i've  been  definitely  uh  hesitating  on  that  but  uh  i  guess  push  comes  to  shove  because  also  uh  similar  to  nikki  this  nikki  also  has  a  one  month  trip  but  instead  of  uh  being  on  a  boat  i'm  gonna  be  at  a  yoga  academy  in  the  himalayas  um  all  right  who  who  else  has  it  got  also  nikki  what  are  you  letting  burn  so  you  mentioned  the

Philippe Neil [01:13:13]: pressure  of  having  20  interviews  are  you  letting  some  of  them  slide  are  you  taking  them  all  on

Nikky Kho [01:13:18]: is  there  another  kind  of  pressure  yeah  so  uh  yeah  i  have  to  prepare  a  bunch  of  material  for  it  and  i  guess  my  burn  has  been  like  i've  just  been  struggling  to  actually  just  get  the  ball  started  this  is  something  i  could  have  done  for  the  last  six  weeks  and  i've  been  installing  just  because  i  know  that  it  just  takes  up  so  much  of  my  time

Philippe Neil [01:13:34]: you  Okay,  and  so  the  burn  is,  so  you,  so.

Nikky Kho [01:14:28]: You  know,  five  legal  issues,  I  guess  that's  going  to  be  more  of  a  thing.  And  I  basically  have  been  struggling  with  the  emotions  around  like  actually  like  spending  time  on  more  than  one.  And  it's  like.  and  what  i'm  spending  time  on  it's  because  there's  so  much  of  waiting  periods  i  have  to  deal  with  the  stress  around  it  but  uh  it's  probably  the  most  important  thing  in  my  life  and  i've  just  been  trying  to  avoid  that  so  i  guess  putting  putting  more  pressure  on  me  to  actually  um  do  do  at  least  more  on  that  i  think  would  be  good  also  i  think  i  travel  with  legal  papers  in  my  backpack  week

Philippe Neil [01:15:07]: by  week  and  i  just  keep  avoiding  them  so  it'd  be  great  to  push  things  forward  interesting  all  right  thank  you  thank  you  for  sharing  i  think  we've  all  spoken  am  i  forgetting  someone  i  know  um  professor  terence  komal  just  joined  but  i  don't  want  to  put  you  on  the  spot  because  you  haven't  done  you  know  the  first  part  of  the  the  session  so  you  get  a  free  pass  if  you  want  to  skip  but

Prof Terrence Kommal [01:15:28]: if  you  feel  like  you  know  which  fire  you  want  to  let  burn  i  can  also  give  you  the  the  the  speaker  for  a  minute  Thanks,  thanks,  Phil.  Apologies,  everyone,  for  the  delay  in  joining.  I  think  the  biggest  issue  was  very  similar  to  Nikki.  I  was  literally  stuck  in  court  for  litigation.  So  we  got  tied  up  with  a  lazy  judge,  which  should  have  been  done  by  the  morning.  So  apologies  for  that.  But  I  think  what  I've  put  in  the  back  burner  and  from  what  I  picked  up  when  I  joined  the  call,  I  think  my  biggest  procrastination  has  been,  and  I  think  Phil  knows  that  we've  been  for  the  GSA,  the  Global  Speakers  Academy,  and  I've  been  putting  off  doing  the  qualification  videos  and  launching  my  personal  brand  over  the  last  few  months.  And  I  think  what's  been  consuming  me  is,  well,  given  from  end  of  November  24  to  now,  that  today  was  the  17th  high  court  application  that  we've  appeared  in  a  massive  corporate  financial  fraud.  So  I  think  it's  a  matter  of  now  just  trying  to  find  time  and  prioritizing,  getting  the  personal  branding  and  the  new  company  and  projects  going,  which  is  trying  to  find  a  balancing  act  between  almost  every  day  being  involved  in  litigation  issues,  as  opposed  to  prioritizing  where  I  know  there's  huge  opportunity.

Philippe Neil [01:16:39]: So  it's  interesting  because  letting  the  world  burn  is  about  creating  some  space  for  signal.  And  so  what  I  heard  from  you  and  Nikki  is  more  that  your  signal  for  you  is  your  personal  brand  and  making  something  out  of  the  investment  you've  made  into  the  Global  Speaker  Academy  where  we  met.  And  then  Nikki's  signal  is  to  get  things  done  with  the  lawsuit  and  maybe  not  do  20  interviews  this  week  because  that  might  be  a  bit  more  noise  than  helpful  for  what  is  in  his  life.  And  so,  you  know,  it's  the  first  time  we  kind  of  think  through  that.  It's  a  personal  answer,  but  really  the  idea  of  letting  the  world  burn  is  to  create  some  space,  create  some  space  from  urgency  to  do  what  actually  we  know  matters.  Because  like  I  said,  growth  shouts,  yeah,  do  20  interviews  and  this,  but  then  intuition  whisper.  You  really  need  to  take  care  of  that.  And  so  at  some  point  that  becomes  a  crushing  pressure  that  just  affects  us  for  way  too  long.  And  then  if  we  create  some  space  and  actually  get  it  done,  then  it  works.  But  the  devil  is  in  the  details  because  Nikki  also  mentioned  it  was  a  very  emotionally  charged  situation.  And  sometimes  letting  that  burn  for  a  while  because  that  actually  creates  some  space  for  well -being,  which  makes  us  better  decision -maker,  better  leader,  is  also  a  fire  that  is  worth  letting  burn.  Because  at  that  point,  the  signal  might  be,  I'm  getting  burnt  out  from  that.  I'm  overstressed.  I  don't  sleep.  I  need  to  win  back  that.  And  so  that's  my  signal.  So  that's  the  concept  of  letting  the  world  burn,  letting  the  noise  burn,  letting  some  stakeholders  burn  that  are  creating  too  much  noise,  some  project,  some  issue,  some  runway.  And  then  as  we  navigate  the  rest  of  the  program,  we're  going  to  learn  more  about  what  is  actually  happening.  When  Alex  Sander  said...  I'm  stressed  about  cash  flow.  I'm  stressed  about  there's  a  lot  of  competing  noise  within  him.  And  I'm  going  to  jump  into  that.  But  before,  I  want  to  point  out  something  very  important  because  that's  an  attunement  skill  that  will  make  you  better  at  this.  So  I  have  three,  I  guess  one  question  with  three  possible  answers.  So  think  back  about  the  moment  you  decided  to  let  something  burn  and  not  react  to  it.  how  comfortable  was  that  you  know  probably  not  very  comfortable  but  then  what  did  you  notice  did  your  body  tense  up  did  your  mind  spin  out  of  control  and  come  up  with  a  tons  of  stories  did  your  emotion  flare  up  And  the  reason  I'm  asking  is  because  we  tend  to  be  disconnected  from  our  body,  you  know,  especially  under  pressure.  But  there's  pathways  that  we're  better  at.  And  this  is  usually  when  we're  going  to  be  able  to  catch  ourself  being  reactive  because  it's  a  pathway  we've  strengthened.  So  for  me,  when  I  start  to  spiral  into  a  million  different  ideas  and  justify  with  new  ideas  and  pathways,  I  know  I'm  being  reactive  and  under  too  much  pressure.  So  now  I  let  the  world  burn.  I  look  within  myself.  I  pull  out  the  noise  and  then  I  do  a  quality  decision  that  I  can  stay  true  to.  For  some  other,  you  tend  to  feel  your  jaw  tighten,  your  chest  becomes  heavy,  your  hands  are,  you  know,  you're  sweating  or  whatever.  Then,  you  know,  I'm  fidgeting.  Okay,  there's  something  I  need  to  pay  attention  to.  Or  maybe  I'm  feeling  scared  all  the  time.  So  really  think  about  that.  And  this  week  is  all  about  paying  attention.  So  you've  decided  to  let  something  burn.  The  noise  will  tempt  you  to  not  let  it  burn  and  go  back  on  your  decision  and  tempts  you  with  change.  with  relief  through  change  and  promises  of  growth  oh  if  i  am  involved  in  my  leadership  meeting  and  i  micromanage  them  then  they're  going  to  do  what  they're  supposed  to  do  because  if  they're  if  i'm  not  there  they're  not  going  to  do  that  and  then  we're  going  to  lose  momentum  and  then  it's  going  to  be  worse  next  week  so  that's  a  growth  shouting  you  should  do  that  otherwise  you're  going  to  miss  out  right  and  so  pay  attention  to  how  your  body  your  mind  and  your  emotion  react  what  can  you  catch  up  can  you  identify  a  pattern  and  and  build  that  attunement  because  we  learn  to  remove  these  layers  of  noise  that  will  become  easier  but  it  will  always  need  some  practice.  Do  you  guys  have  any  questions  before  I  show  the  rest  of  the  agenda  for  the  program?  Not  for  now,  but  it's  okay  if  it  comes  later.  So  I'll  share  my  screen.  So  this  is  what  we're  going  to  be  working  on  the  next  seven  weeks  now.  So  next  week  is  about  the  business  noise.  So  when  the  pressure  rises,  we  tend  to  question  everything  about  our  business,  but  we're  going  to  build  some  stable  ground.  We're  going  to  know  what  is  a  monument  versus  what  is  in  the  pivot  zone  if  we  need  to  adapt  our  business  and  what  is  just  superficial.  So  when  the  pressure  rises,  we're  not  going  to  try  to  throw  the  baby  with  the  bathwater.  We're  going  to  be  able  to  know,  okay,  if  I'm  to  take  a  risk,  I'm  better  betting  on  that  because  that  will  stay  stable.  And  then  if  we're  unsure,  if  we  should  pull  the  plug,  then  we're  also  going  to  be  able  to  make  that  decision  because  we're  going  to  know  that  if  this  monument  is  no  longer  true,  then  the  business  doesn't  make  sense  anymore.  And  it's  not  worth  building  a  Frankenstein.  It's  better  off  starting  anew.  Then  we're  going  to  do  into  identity  noise,  so  our  archetype.  I've  heard  a  lot  about  doing  more,  doing  more,  hustling,  achiever.  That's  an  archetype,  and  it's  helpful,  but  it's  also  toxic  in  some  ways.  So  we're  going  to  look  at  five  founder  archetypes.  We're  going  to  look  at  when  it's  serving  us,  when  it's  not,  when  we  should  pull  from  them,  and  when  we  should  just  let  them  go.  Then  we're  going  to  do  a  design  thinking  exercise  and  look  into  our  cognitive  style.  So  which  mode  of  decision  making  are  we  most  natural  in  and  how  to  know  if  it's  the  courageous  decision  we're  making  or  just  the  comfortable  one.  Then  we're  going  to  go  into  the  shadows  of  entrepreneurship,  and  we're  going  to  tackle  the  feelings  of  uncertainty,  fear,  and  unworthiness.  We're  going  to  realize  that  these  are  founder  issues  and  not  business  problems,  and  that  when  we  look  for  business  solutions  for  a  feeling  of  uncertainty,  we're  just  creating  more  noise  and  we're  just  pushing  the  problem  in  the  wrong  bucket.  then  we're  going  to  go  into  strengthening  ourselves  and  finding  pathways  back  to  ourselves  and  finding  clarity  in  a  way  that  we've  never  probably  asked  ourselves  that  question  before,  but  that  can  help  us  disassociate  our  identity  with  the  business  problem.  And  then  we're  going  to  turn  all  of  that  into  a  protocol.  Calm,  clarify,  commit.  And  so  we're  going  to  be  able  to  see  the  noise,  challenge  the  story,  have  an  extensive  protocol  for  when  it's  a  high -stakes  decision  that  requires  a  lot  of  our  clarity.  And  then  we're  going  to  have  a  shorter  handbook  version  that  we  can  pull  up  in  our  mind  as  we're  navigating  the  day -to -day  pressures.  And  you're  going  to  be  out  in  the  world  for  two  weeks  without  course.  And  then  we're  going  to  wrap  it  up  on  May  7th  in  a  Q &A  format  where  we're  going  to  see  what  worked,  what  didn't  work.  And  we're  going  to  make  sure  that  you  actually  have  something  that  you  will  use  for  the  rest  of  your  career,  a  piece  of  awareness,  multiple  tools,  and  our  mission  with  this  program.  Any  questions  on  that?  Sounds  good?  Sounds  fun?  Sounds  good.  Sounds  good,  yeah.  Clear.  Cool.  So  now  I  just  want  to  leave  you  with  something  because  after  I've  done  my  TED  Talk,  many  people  came  to  me  and  say,  I  don't  feel  productive  when  I  let  the  world  burn.  I  don't  know  how  long  I  should  let  the  world  burn.  And  that's  a  good  question  because  there's  a  difference  between  procrastination  and  strategic  stillness.  And  so  the  goal  of  letting  the  world  burn  is  to  let  urgency  burn  while  we  focus  on  what's  important.  It's  not  an  act  of  surrendering.  It's  an  act  of...  It's  an  act  of  surrendering.  regaining  clarity  and  so  acknowledging  that  we  have  decision  fatigue  sometimes  and  that  we  pay  our  mistakes  as  founder  for  way  longer  than  we  think  like  i've  i  Sometimes  I,  like  when  my  leadership,  you  know,  conflict  broke  into  losing  decision  quality,  we  were  stuck  in  a  scam.  We  lost  $5  million  and  it  took  us  a  full  year  to  get  through  all  the  loop.  And  then  the  legal  proceeding  started  and  we  won.  But  then  we  won  in  Ontario  and  then  there's  rules  in  Ontario  and  now  we  had  to  bring  it  back  to  Quebec  for  the  judgment.  The  business  mistakes  we  make,  we  pay  them  for  way  longer.  And  so,  yeah.  So,  if  it's  a  strategic  decision,  then  let  the  world  burn  until  you're  sure  to  be  clearer.  And  we're  going  to  work  on  a  protocol  for  decision  quality  a  little  bit  during  that  program.  And  if  it's  a  day -to -day  decision,  then  you  don't  have  to  let  it  burn  forever.  You  can  just  pause  for  a  second,  check  yourself,  and  then  move  on  with  the  decision.  And  then  you  can,  yeah,  you  have  to  push  through  sometimes  a  little  bit.  At  the  end  of  the  day,  one  concept  that  was  very  useful  for  me  when  I  was  working  in  big  companies,  like  Bayer,  I  was  told  that  did  you  at  least  do  one  thing  to  improve  your  business  today?  What's  the  floor  that  gives  you  a  sense  that  you've  done  something  right  today  for  your  business?  It  doesn't  have  to  be  big.  It  could  be,  well,  you  know,  I  was  tired.  I  was  sick.  I  was  not  in  a  place  to  make  strategic  decisions.  But,  you  know,  I  did  follow  up  with  that  customer.  And  that's  one  thing  I  did,  you  know.  Or,  you  know,  I  took  the  day  off  and  I  took  care  of  myself  so  that  tomorrow  I'm  really  productive.  And  that  was  what  I  needed  to  push  my  business  forward  today.  So  think  about  that.  Practice  it.  Learn  where  you're  comfortable.  Learn.  how  long  you  shouldn't  let  it  burn  based  on  the  risk  that  so  again  this  week  what  are  you  letting  burn  think  about  your  return  time  to  that  decision  and  just  pay  attention  not  really  to  the  logic  of  it  but  pay  attention  to  how  you  feel  how  your  body  reacts  how  your  mind  spirals  out  and  how  your  emotion  flares  up  so  that  you  make  sure  that  you  make  a  decision  when  that  noise  is  out  of  the  picture  And  now  we're  kicked  off.  So  if  you  can't,  for  any  reason,  join  the  call  next  week  or  if  you  are  going  to  be  late  because  the  sessions  are  structured  with  breakout  rooms,  teaching,  some  are  more  heavy  in  me  talking,  some  are  less  heavy  in  me  talking,  I  need  to  know.  So  please  send  me  an  email.  Let  me  know  in  advance.  Please  look  at  your  email  today.  Fill  up  the  little  questionnaire  so  that  we  can  assess  your  baseline  state.  And  any  question  you  have  in  between,  let  us  know.  We're  going  to  add  you  to  our  session.  Thank  you  all  for  being  here.

Aleksandar Arsovski [01:28:28]: I  think  it's  amazing

Jackie VanderVelde [01:28:30]: that  you  all  showed  up.

Chenny Marie Cantano [01:28:31]: Thank  you.

Jackie VanderVelde [01:28:33]: Nice  seeing  you,  everyone.  Great  session,  Neil.

Aleksandar Arsovski [01:28:36]: Thank  you,  everyone.  Thank  you.

Nikky Kho [01:28:40]: See  you  next  week.  Have  a  good  week.

Shabeena Butt [01:28:42]: Bye.

Philippe Neil [01:28:50]: all  righty  that's  it  should  we  jump  into  a  debrief  call  yeah  let's  close  this  one  and  uh  we  can  invite  uh  yeah  so